PXB-2960 8.0.31-24 Release notes and release note tasks (8.0) (#82)
percona/pxb-docs: docs/release-notes/8.0/8.0.31-24.0.md

| Download this version | [Percona XtraBackup 8.0](https://www.percona.com/downloads/Percona-XtraBackup-LATEST/) |

[Percona XtraBackup for MySQL Databases](https://www.percona.com/software/mysql-database/percona-xtrabackup) enables MySQL backups without blocking user queries. Percona XtraBackup is ideal for companies with large data sets and mission-critical applications that cannot tolerate long periods of downtime. Offered free as an open source solution, Percona XtraBackup drives down backup costs while providing unique features for MySQL backups.

For [training](https://www.percona.com/training), contact [Percona Training - Start learning now](https://learn.percona.com/contact-me).

## Release highlights

This release adds the ability to use an IAM instance profile when running xbcloud from an EC2 instance. An IAM instance profile does not need the `--s3-secret-key` nor the `--s3-access-key` but the profile has a six-hour lifespan.
 
## New features

[PXB-2856](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2856): Use [IAM instance profile when running xbcloud from an EC2 instance](docs/xbcloud/xbcloud-iam-profile.md).

## Bug fixes

> [PXB-2890](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2890): XtraBackup 8.0 inefficiently compressed already compressed tables.

Reviewer: Its the other way around. It was not compressing which is inefficiently. It now compress compressed tables.

Author: Rewritten.

> [PXB-2928](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2828): XtraBackup exits with signal 11 when taking a backup.

Reviewer: Link is pointing to a different issue.

Author: Fixed.

> [PXB-2928](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2828): XtraBackup exits with signal 11 when taking a backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PXB-2928](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PXB-2928): XtraBackup exits with signal 11 when taking a backup using page tracking.
```

Author: Fixed.

# Percona XtraBackup 8.0.31-24 (2023-01-)

<style>
    table {
        width=50%';
        font-family: Chivo, Colfax, Franziska, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
    }
    table td {
        border: 0px;
        padding: 8px;
    }
    tr:nth-child(even){
        background-color:#f5f5f5
    }

>     }

Author: Extra ( } ) before </style>
